https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-8549 (#5824)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/known_issues_network.adoc

[#known-issues-submariner]
== Submariner known issues

[#submariner-addon-resources]

> === Submariner addon resources not cleaned up properly when `managedclusters` are imported 

Reviewer: It is best to not use monospace in the section title.
```suggestion
=== Submariner add-on resources not cleaned up properly when managed clusters are imported 
```

//2.9:ACM-8549

> The `SubmarinerAddon` finalizers are not cleaned up properly for the managed clusters resources. Since the finalizers are not cleaned up properly, they prevent the `submariner-addon` component from being disabled within the hub cluster. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SubmarinerAddon` finalizers are not cleaned up properly for the managed cluster resources. Since the finalizers are not cleaned up properly, this prevents the `submariner-addon` component from being disabled within the hub cluster. 
```

> The `SubmarinerAddon` finalizers are not cleaned up properly for the managed cluster resources. Since the finalizers are not cleaned up properly, this prevents the `submariner-addon` component from being disabled within the hub cluster. 

Reviewer 2: Could we mention that this only occurs when the `submariner-addon` component is set to `false` within MCH? The statement is correct, but this will just allow the user to know the step that will cause the issue.
